Adjustments made to default 'Slate' Git Pages Template - added Invenias branding, removed default pages, and added 15 pages describing endpoints in the Invenias REST API. (#1)
bullhorn/invenias-api-docs: source/index.html.md

language_tabs: # must be one of https://git.io/vQNgJ
  - shell

includes:

search: true

code_clipboard: true
---

# Introduction
Invenias has a REST API for integrations, providing programmatic access to create, read, update and delete data from your Invenias database.

> The Invenias API Swagger UI documentation can be found by navigating to https://{subdomain}.invenias.com/api, where you need to enter your subdomain to this URL.

Author: Yes, it would. I will change it now.

> The Invenias API Swagger UI documentation can be found by navigating to https://{subdomain}.invenias.com/api, where you need to enter your subdomain to this URL.

Author: This has been changed.

## General Conventions
Whenever possible, the REST API will follow specifications, conventions, and practices of HTTP and the web in general. This includes things like case-sensitivity of URLs, character encodings, HTTP methods, and so forth. Additional recommended practices for REST APIs are also observed whenever appropriate.

### Entities

> Invenias uses the term entity to refer to a type represented in the Invenias system. People, Companies, Assignments, and Placements are examples of entities. Entities capture the core concepts within the Invenias system and provide an organization for storing executive search data and applying the rules and processing that comprise the Invenias system.

Author: Hmm, I was trying to stick with Bullhorns terminology. Ha, that should be Programmes. I will change it.

> Invenias uses the term entity to refer to a type represented in the Invenias system. People, Companies, Assignments, and Placements are examples of entities. Entities capture the core concepts within the Invenias system and provide an organization for storing executive search data and applying the rules and processing that comprise the Invenias system.

Author: This has been changed.

### JSON 
The REST API follows the specifications and conventions of the JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) data format and any related Javascript syntax specifications. For more information, see the following articles:
<ul>
<li>[http://www.json.org](http://www.json.org)</li>
<li>[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON)</li>
</ul>

# Creating an API Application
## POST /api/v1/thirdpartyapplications

> Example Response (JSON)

```shell
{
  "ClientId": "your_client_id",
  "ClientSecret": "your_client_secret",
  "ExpiresOn": "2022-05-12T15:52:47.2298517+00:00",
  "IsEnabled": true,
  "Name": "Documentation Test",
  "ReplyUrl": "https://example.com",
  "FlowType": "ResourceOwner"
}
```

> > Please note, this is the only time you'll get the client_id and client_secret - please store these securely.</aside>

Author: I will remove it now.

> > Please note, this is the only time you'll get the client_id and client_secret - please store these securely.</aside>

Author: The open '</aside>' tag has been removed.

> To create a new integration, use the POST /api/v1/thirdpartyapplications endpoint using Swagger. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new integration, use the `POST /api/v1/thirdpartyapplications` endpoint using Swagger. 
```

<aside class="notice">
Please note, you must have a licensed Invenias User Account and be in the 'System Administrator' permission group to be able to perform this operation.
</aside>

> Before you can use the POST /api/v1/thirdpartyapplications endpoint, you need to enter an `api_key` in the field at the top right-hand corner of the Swagger page. To do this simply double click into the `api_key` field in the header to automatically generate one. This will prompt you to log in if you're not already logged in. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can use the `POST /api/v1/thirdpartyapplications` endpoint, you need to enter an `api_key` in the field at the top right-hand corner of the Swagger page. To do this simply double click into the `api_key` field in the header to automatically generate one. This will prompt you to log in if you're not already logged in. 
```

An `api_key` will be generated which will be valid for 3 minutes before expiring. You can clear this field and double click it again to generate a new one to gain access for another 3 minutes.

After Swagger returns you an `api_key`, you can then call the POST /api/v1/thirdpartyapplications endpoint to generate the `client_id` and the `client_secret`. 

From here, you will need to choose the flow type that your application requires. There's some documentation available [here](https://auth0.com/docs/flows) to help.

### HTTP Request
`https://{subdomain}.invenias.com/api/v1/thirdpartyapplications`

Parameter | Default | Description
--------- | ------- | -----------
id | [required] | How long the Application is valid for: `OneYear`, `TwoYears`, or `FiveYears`.
Name | [required] | The friendly name of your Application.
FlowType | `ResourceOwner` | The OAuth 2,0 Authorization flow: This can be either `ResourceOwner` or `Code`.
ReplyURL (Optional)| | The post-login URL to redirect to your Application.

# Renewing an Application
## POST /api/v1/thirdpartyapplications/{id}/renew

> > Example Response (JSON)

Reviewer: we could put an example curl request in here too, if you wanted? Not a requirement tho

Author: No worries, I have just added it.

<aside class="notice">
The token is valid for 24 hours. We use short-lived access tokens for security and this period cannot be extended.

The tokens are issued with a short expiration time so that the application is forced to continually refresh them, giving the service a chance to revoke an application’s access if needed.

When the access token expires, the application can use the refresh token to obtain a new access token. It can do this behind the scenes, and without the user’s involvement so that it’s a seamless process to the user. However, this will require additional code to perform this function.
</aside>

### Unauthorized requests
If a client request contains an invalid `bearer_token`, the server returns response status 401 (unauthorized). For more information on HTTP status codes see [here](https://bullhorn.github.io/invenias-api-docs/#http-response-status-codes).

### Identifying if an OAuth token has expired

There are two common approaches adopted by web developers to identify when an OAuth token has expired:

> <b> Token Refresh Handling: Method 1 </b>

Reviewer: I'd be tempted to make these headers w/ #### rather than Bold. Makes them navigatable?

Author: Sadly, it doesn't make it navigatable, I tried. The default size for headers w/ #### is smaller than the normal '<p>'. I could update the size in the stylesheet for headers w/ #### but they still wouldn't be navigatable.

Reviewer: Ok - <b> it is :)

</ol>

When checking the time, be sure you are at the same time, for example, using the same timezone by converting all times to epoch or UTC timezone.

In addition to receiving a new `access_token`, you may receive a new `refresh_token` with an expiration time further in the future. If you receive this, you should store the new refresh_token to extend the life of your session.

<b>Token Refresh Handling: Method 2</b>

Another method of handling token refresh is to manually refresh after receiving an invalid token error. This can be done with the previous approach or by itself.

If you attempt to use an expired access_token and you get an invalid token error, you should perform a token refresh. Since different services can use different error codes for expired tokens, you can either keep track of the code for each service, or an easy way to refresh tokens across services is to simply try a single refresh upon encountering a 401 error. 

# Rate Limiting
We use a fixed-window rate limiting strategy, up to `3000` api calls can be made at any interval within a 5 minute window.

> You can find out how many requests you have remaining by checking the value in the `X-Request-Quota-Remaining reaches` header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find out how many requests you have remaining by checking the value in the `X-Request-Quota-Remaining` response header.
```

<img src="images\quotaremaining.png" alt="X-Request-Quota-Remaining" class="inline"/>
<i>Figure 1. API Call Response Headers - X-Request-Quota-Remaining</i>

Once the `X-Request-Quota-Remaining reaches` 0, all succeeding requests made will return `429` errors, until the current rate limit window resets. At this time your Application should wait for the limit to become available again.

<aside class="warning">

> Failure to add adequate mechanisms to your Application instructing it to wait after receiving a 429 error may result in the user account used to authenticate the requests being disabled by our BTO team. This would happen should it generate 9000 (or more) 429 errors within any given 5-minute period. The account will remain disabled until their satisfied that steps have been taken to prevent the problem from occurring again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Failure to add adequate mechanisms to your Application instructing it to wait after receiving a 429 error may result in the user account used to authenticate the requests being disabled by Bullhorn. This would happen should it generate 9000 (or more) 429 errors within any given 5-minute period. The account will remain disabled until Bullhorn is satisfied that steps have been taken to prevent the problem from occurring again.
```

```shell
curl --location --request POST 'https://{subdomain}.invenias.com/api/v1/assignments/list' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer {token}' \
--data-raw '{
    "Select": [
        "RecordOwners"
    ],
    "Filter": [
        [
            "RecordOwners",
            "contains",
            "John"
        ]
    ],
    "Group": [
        {
            "IsExpanded": true,
            "Selector": "RecordOwners",
            "Desc": true
        }
    ],
    "RequireGroupCount": true
}'
```

> Example Response (JSON)

```shell
{
    "Groups": [
        {
            "Key": [
                {
                    "Id": "c76de083-f148-4ab4-8668-0ac80a444c26",
                    "ItemDisplayText": "John Doe"
                }
            ],
            "Count": 11
        },
        {
            "Key": [
                {
                    "Id": "e1a4174e-c78d-42e7-a9ea-b22381643681",
                    "ItemDisplayText": "Johnny Doe"
                }
            ],
            "Count": 8
        }
    ]
}
```

The list of available filter operators are as follows:

Operator | Description 
-------- | ----------- 

> = | Valid for a column that contains text, numbers, or dates. Specify a single value. Results include only records where the data in the column matches the value in the filter.

Reviewer: This is incredible @Invenias!

        "IsExactEmailMatch": true,
        "MatchingFields": [
            {
                "FieldName": "PersonName",
                "Value": "John Doe"
            }
        ],
        "ItemId": "7d68cd5d-cb47-4710-8641-2bf3a57a2e80",
        "DisplaySummary": "John Doe (Doe), Microsoft, Technical Operations Engineer",
        "DisplayName": "John Doe (Doe)",
        "ItemType": "People",
    },
    {
        "PersonName": "John Doe",
        "CompanyName": "Apple Inc.",
        "JobTitle": "Partner",
        "EmailAddress1": "email2@aaa.com",
        "EmailAddress2": "email3@aaa.com",
        "IsExactEmailMatch": false,
        "MatchingFields": [
            {
                "FieldName": "PersonName",
                "Value": "John Doe"
            }
        ],
        "ItemId": "9edf2ce8-39ad-4b3c-a36f-3872ff43e5f8",
        "DisplaySummary": "John Doe, Apple Inc., Partner",
        "DisplayName": "John Doe",
        "ItemType": "People",
    }...
]
```
The GET /api/v1/duplicates/people endpoint is designed to flag potentially existing 'People' type entities based upon the search terms passed via the `request.personName` and `request.emailAddress` parameters.

> For performance, it's <b>strongly</b> advised to pass the simplest search term possible via the 'request.personName'. The reason for this is that the search term will be split using the spaces as delimiters and parameters will be created in every conceivable permutation for comparison. The more parameters that are created and comparatively references in the server-side query the longer it will take to return a response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For performance, it's <strong>strongly</strong> advised to pass the simplest search term possible via the 'request.personName'. The reason for this is that the search term will be split using the spaces as delimiters and parameters will be created in every conceivable permutation for comparison. The more parameters that are created and comparatively references in the server-side query the longer it will take to return a response.
```

            },
            "Name": "Active",
            "OrderIndex": 1,
            "ItemId": "12a6b6f2-f121-47d4-870c-2c93fee84a71",
            "OffLimitsStatus": "Off"
        },
        {
            "IsActive": true,
            "ItemType": "LookupListEntries",
            "LookupListId": {
                "Id": "dc10b565-1f05-4561-a394-8019a7f760aa"
            },
            "Name": "Cancelled",
            "OrderIndex": 4,
            "ItemId": "71b671b0-83b9-4411-8bde-1f8453635ef0",
            "OffLimitsStatus": "Off"
        },
        {
            "IsActive": true,
            "ItemType": "LookupListEntries",
            "LookupListId": {
                "Id": "dc10b565-1f05-4561-a394-8019a7f760aa"
            },
            "Name": "Completed",
            "OrderIndex": 5,
            "ItemId": "34e89aee-df20-4699-bb9a-e436c3dfc44f",
            "OffLimitsStatus": "Off"
        }...
    ]...
}
```
This endpoint can be used to get the values withing a specific Lookup List.

### HTTP Request
`https://{subdomain}.invenias.com/api/v1/lookuplists/{id}/entries/list`

Parameter | Default | Type | Description
--------- | ------- | ---- | -----------

> id | [required] | String | Specify the unique identifier for a Lookup List.

Reviewer 2: Is this the same as 100 lines ^ maybe the formatting makes it make sense, but does this repeat a lot?

Author: Are you talking about the list parameters (e.g. Skip, Take, PageSize, etc...)? It's repeated a lot; however, I would agree that they definitely won't miss it. The template also has a pretty sweet search and navbar so the end-user can easily skip through it. 

I'm happy to remove it, but there are a few additional parameters for some endpoints. What do you think?

Reviewer 2: Leave it, the only thing would be nice is if there was a nice way to present a single unified place of the list params where each segment can point to it and anything they superset on top, but that might be real hard/annoying to do
